g'day guys what we've got here today is
the Hema Australia iPad and iPhone app
what I'm going to do today is show you
some of the really cool features and
functions that this app has first of all
what we're looking at is the one 250,000
scale topographical map this map covers
all of Australia so you can use one map
to go wherever you want to go as you can
see you can slide around nice and easily
and will bring up your contour lines it
will bring up major off-road tracks as
well as things like water courses golf
courses plenty of information on there
but we all know that's not really the
main reason that most people buy to get
around town what we want to do is we
want to go bush we want to go to
somewhere like the Simpson Desert Cape
York Victorian High Country it's pretty
easy to do all we've got to do is tap on
this little folder down in the bottom
left-hand corner it's going to bring up
a list of maps at our current location
what we can do instead of that is slide
over here tap on more maps got all maps
on device here we have a list of all the
maps that are available Australia white
so there's over 70 hema maps available
there as well as a 1 to 1 million or 1
to 250,000 and of course an overall
Australian map so let's go somewhere a
little bit interesting so you slide down
here we've got the high country
Victorian East sheet let's go down a
little bit further got the Simpson
Desert 500k map so we simply tap on it
and it's going to show us the middle of
the map we can then move around the map
we can zoom out we continue to zoom out
it'll actually change maps to the next
scale or we can zoom back in
we might know that we want to head to
Papa's corner okay that's pretty simple
what we can do is simply tap on the
little flag with the plus next to it and
it's going to put in a waypoint for us
this Waypoint we can then drag around
the screen by using the little green
left/right up/down arrow and we can just
place it there nicely on Papa's corner
what you can then do from there simply
tap on the little down arrow we can go
into edit mark so this allows us to
change the name of the Waypoint that we
put in put in notes all sorts of extra
information about that Waypoint we can
also delete the mark down the bottom so
we can just tap on done for now
what we could also do is create a route
so if you tapped on that mark again
tapped on the little blue down arrow and
tap on create route now once that's
going to do it turn that into a little
blue dot and we can then tap along and
create a route for where we want to go
you can simply tap on done and that
route is now going to be saved on your
iPad you can also use waypoints to mark
locations that you've been to so while
it's not quite as interesting what we're
going to do is pop back to our present
location in Brisbane so to do that we
simply tap on the little round button in
the middle then this then brings up our
current location as we can see there by
the little purple circle you can simply
tap on the flag with the plus and it's
going to put a waypoint in at that
location you could put a series of
waypoints in for every campsite that you
stopped at along the way you may also
want to know more about your present
location what we can do to do that is
simply tap on the little arrow in the
bottom right hand corner that's then
going to bring up the information page
this page has plenty of information it's
going to show us the speed that we're
traveling at it's going to show us our
current position up in the top view it's
even going to show us information on our
current track log because this iPads
been out and about and it's done a
little bit of traveling in its time what
we can do is if we tap on this little
folder in the towards the bottom right
we can bring up our previous tracks so
what we can see is it gives us a list of
all the tracks that we've driven with
the iPad on we can then simply tap on
one of the tracks go view track and look
this iPads been up to Fraser Island so
as you can see it leaves the track log
for where you've been where you've
driven over trip you could zoom in and
out on that track log as well so we can
get a little bit more information so you
can see changes the map we're looking at
I think this was on the equipt repop -
Fraser but as you can see it leaves that
information there so you could follow
that next time where you could pass that
track on to your friends so really
there's plenty of things that you can do
with the Hamer iPad app hopefully this
has shown you a little bit of the full
functionality and capability of the app
so guys just get out there and be
prepared to explore